[FIA-2683] Add developer documentation for the Discord integration (#455)
RevenueCat/revenuecat-docs: docs_source/🔌 Integrations & Events/third-party-integrations/discord.md

---
title: Discord
slug: discord
excerpt: Send in-app subscription events to Discord

> hidden: true

Author: @codykerns I have set this to hidden but I don't think is necessary. The frontend changes have not been deployed yet, and I think we can just deploy the frontend and then merge this PR afterwards

> hidden: true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
hidden: false
```

---
> 👍 
> 
> The Discord integration is available to all users signed up after September '23, the legacy Starter and Pro plans, and Enterprise plans. If you're on a legacy Free plan and want to access this integration, migrate to our new pricing via your [billing settings](https://app.revenuecat.com/settings/billing).

> RevenueCat can deliver updates directly to you Discord server when a new event happens in your app.

Author: @codykerns I'd appreciate some help with the copy here :D

> RevenueCat can deliver updates directly to you Discord server when a new event happens in your app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Receive instant updates on your Discord server from RevenueCat whenever a new purchase event occurs in your app.
```

    "7-3": "✅",
    "7-4": "✅",
    "7-5": "✅",
    "7-6": "✅",
    "7-7": "❌",
    "8-0": "Product Change",
    "8-1": "Customer \\<user_id> got a product change from \\<old_product_id> to \\<new_product_id>",
    "8-2": "A subscriber has changed the product of their subscription.  \n  \nThis does not mean the new subscription is in effect immediately. See [Managing Subscriptions](doc:managing-subscriptions) for more details on updates, downgrades, and crossgrades.",
    "8-3": "✅",
    "8-4": "✅",
    "8-5": "❌",
    "8-6": "✅",
    "8-7": "❌"
  },
  "cols": 8,
  "rows": 9,
  "align": [
    "left",
    "left",
    "left",
    "left",
    "left",
    "left",
    "left",
    "left"
  ]
}
[/block]

# Configure Discord server

You need to configure your Discord server to authorize a webhook to post to your workspace. Please follow this Discord [article](https://support.discord.com/hc/en-us/articles/228383668-Intro-to-Webhooks) on their website explaining how to set this up.

# Configure RevenueCat Integration

Once you've set up a webhook in your Discord server. Enter the details into the Discord Integration section of your [dashboard](https://app.revenuecat.com).

> <img width="934" alt="Discord integration setup" src="https://github.com/RevenueCat/revenuecat-docs/assets/287089/7764e4de-b9ea-4060-9a59-af0c959bebb0">

Author: @codykerns Not sure if we should set the width or just remove it

Reviewer: Maybe we can do it like this format? (found in another doc)

```![](https://files.readme.io/3719b43-asa_rows.png "asa_rows.png")```
